Alrighty, so let's get down to work.
I'm getting a bit excited here.
I'm ready to write that passing test.
So let's dive in.
I'll open up my Gradebook Controller.
I'll move down to this section here
and I'll add some new functionality.
I'll add the request mapping to delete the grade
via the HTTP request.
So we'll have this GET/grades/id/gradeType.
Now I'll actually delete the grade from the database.
I'll set up the path variables here for ID and gradeType.
And at the moment here, I'll just kind of stub it out.
I'll simply just return student information,
but I won't do any of the real work yet.
Just kind of get this item in place here.
I want to do a quick run of my tests just to see where I'm at.
Alrighty, the test fails.
I'm just scrolling up a bit, so expected false, actual true.
Okay, that's fine, we haven't done the real work yet,
but at least we have some of the coding in place here.
Now let's swing back over to our Gradebook Controller
and let's go ahead and write the real functionality.
I'll go ahead and use my studentService
and I'll delete the grade.
I'll pass in the grade ID and also the gradeType.
And that'll return the student ID
that this given grade is associated with.
Now, if the student ID is zero, that means that
it didn't find a student associated with that grade.
So this is an error.
So I'll return error in this situation.
So we've already deleted the grade,
I'll simply make use of our helper method,
configureStudentInformationModel,
adding our information to the model.
That's said, refactor code that we had earlier.
So we'll simply leverage that again.
Now we can go back and run our test.
And now this is really good news.
So now we see that our test passed.
This is really good, I like it.